Add test scenario specification for Zone11 (#1417)
dotse/zonemaster: docs/public/specifications/test-zones/Zone-TP/zone11.md

| SERVFAIL               | Z11_UNABLE_TO_CHECK_FOR_SPF                                     | 2)                     |
| INCONSISTENT-SPF       | Z11_INCONSISTENT_SPF_POLICIES, Z11_DIFFERENT_SPF_POLICIES_FOUND | 2)                     |
| SPF-MISSING-ON-ONE     | Z11_INCONSISTENT_SPF_POLICIES, Z11_DIFFERENT_SPF_POLICIES_FOUND | 2)                     |
| ALL-DIFFERENT-SPF      | Z11_INCONSISTENT_SPF_POLICIES, Z11_DIFFERENT_SPF_POLICIES_FOUND | 2)                     |
| MULTIPLE-SPF-RECORDS   | Z11_SPF_MULTIPLE_RECORDS                                        | 2)                     |

* (1) All tags except for those specified as "Forbidden message tags" (no instances for these test scenarios)
* (2) All tags except for those specified as "Mandatory message tags"

## Test scenarios and setup of test zones

### Default zone configuration

Unless otherwise specified in the specific scenario specification, the test zone
for the scenario will follow the default setup as stated below. The `child zone`
is the zone to be tested for the scenario.

* The child zone is `SCENARIO.zone11.xa`.
  * There is a zone file for the child zone.

>   * It is served by three name servers named ns1, ns2 and ns3.child.zone11.xa.

Reviewer: For the default scenarios I include one or two NS to make configuration smaller. What do you think will be gained by three?

Author: There are two scenarios where I really need three: SPF-MISSING-ON-ONE and ALL-DIFFERENT-SPF. For all other scenarios, two are enough.

  * It is served by two in-bailiwick name servers named ns1 and ns2.zone11.xa
  * ns1 and ns2 have the same zone content.
  * ns1 and ns2 have both IPv4 and IPv6 glue.
  * The records matching glue in the zone are complete.
* All responses will have the AA bit set.
* All responses will have the [RCODE Name] "NoError".

### GOOD-SPF-1

A zone whose SPF record is the shortest legal SPF record possible, namely the
string `v=spf1`. It is valid syntax, albeit not very useful.

* Zone: good-spf-1.zone11.xa
  * The TXT RRset at the apex contains one TXT record with the text `v=spf1`.

### GOOD-SPF-2

A zone whose SPF record is well-formed and contains at least one term.

* Zone: good-spf-2.zone11.xa
  * The TXT RRset at the apex contains one TXT record starting with the text
    `v=spf1`, followed by a space, followed by one or more legal SPF terms.

### SAME-SPF-DIFFERENT-TXT

A zone whose SPF record is identical despite inconsistent TXT RRset records at
the apex.

* Zone: same-spf-different-txt.zone11.xa
  * ns1 serves a TXT RRset containing one SPF record and one non-SPF record.
  * ns2 and ns3 serve a different TXT RRset containing the same SPF record as

>     ns1.

Author: Yes, that’s right. I’ll clarify.

* Zone: good-spf-2.zone11.xa
  * The TXT RRset at the apex contains one TXT record starting with the text
    `v=spf1`, followed by a space, followed by one or more legal SPF terms.

### SAME-SPF-DIFFERENT-TXT

A zone whose SPF record is identical despite inconsistent TXT RRset records at
the apex.

* Zone: same-spf-different-txt.zone11.xa
  * ns1 serves a TXT RRset containing one SPF record and one non-SPF record.
  * ns2 serves a different TXT RRset containing one SPF record and one non-SPF
    record. The SPF record served by ns2 is identical to the one served
    by ns1. The non-SPF record served by ns2 is different from the one served
    by ns1.

### NO-TXT

A zone containing no TXT record at the apex.

* Zone: no-txt.zone11.xa
  * The TXT RRset at the apex is empty.

### NO-SPF-TXT

A zone containing at least one TXT record, but none of the TXT  after
concatenating all strings, gives a string starting with `v=spf1`.

* Zone: no-spf-txt.zone11.xa
  * The TXT RRset at the apex is non-empty, but none of the TXT records are
    recognized as SPF records.

### NO-SPF-ROOT-ZONE

A root zone without SPF records.

* Zone: "." (root zone)

>   * It is served by ns-no-spf.root-servers.zone11.xa.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * It is served by ns1 and ns2.no-spf.root-servers.zone11.xa.
```

    ns1.child.zone11.xa.
  * ns2 resolves to the same IPv4 and IPv6 address as ns2.child.zone11.xa.
  * The TXT RRset at the apex contains one SPF record with invalid syntax,
    i.e. beginning with `v=spf1` followed by whitespace but not compliant with
    the ABNF grammar described in [RFC 7208, Section 4.5][RFC 7208#4.5] and
    following sections.

### INVALID-SYNTAX-3

A zone whose SPF record contains a few random bytes, with a few non-ASCII
bytes among those.

* Zone: invalid-syntax-3.zone11.xa
  * The TXT RRset at the apex contains one SPF record beginning with `v=spf1`,
    followed by some whitespace and containing some random bytes outside the
    printable ASCII range, which is not compliant with the ABNF grammar
    described in [RFC 7208, Section 4.5][RFC 7208#4.5] and following sections.

### NON-AUTH-TXT

A zone containing one SPF record in its TXT RRset, but served from name
servers that fail to set the AA bit in their responses.

* Zone: non-auth-txt.zone11.xa
  * The TXT RRset at the apex contains one SPF record
  * Both name servers serve the aforementioned TXT RRset with the AA bit unset
    in the response header.

### SERVFAIL

> A zone where queries for the TXT RRset are responded to with an RCODE

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A zone where queries for the TXT RRset are responded with an RCODE
```

Author: It’s actually grammatically correct, but I’ll rephrase anyway.
